.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" (C) Copyright 2018 Boyuan Yang <073plan@gmail.com>,
.\"
.TH "FLAMESHOT" "1" "2018-10-25"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
flameshot \- Powerful yet simple-to-use screenshot software
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B flameshot
[arguments] [flameshot\-options]
.br
.B flameshot gui
[gui options]
.br
.B flameshot full
[fullscreen capture options]
.br
.B flameshot screen
[screen\-options]
.br
.B flameshot config
[config options]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the
.B flameshot
command as provided by
.B flameshot
package.
.PP
\fBflameshot\fP is a screenshot tool that aims to be powerful yet simple-to-use.
Its notable features include customizable appearance, in-app screenshot editing,
D-Bus interface, tray icon support, experimental GNOME/KDE Wayland support,
integration with Imgur and support for both GUI and CLI interface.
.PP
Besides the brief information about \fBflameshot\fR here, The detailed
usage of \fBflameshot\fP is documented in the \fIREADME.md\fR file distributed
alongside this software. Typically you may find this file under
\fI/usr/share/doc/flameshot/\fR directory.
.
.SH GUI USAGE
.PP
This section lists some of the most common usage of \fBflameshot\fR via
command line.
.
.TP
.B flameshot gui
Capture with GUI.
.
.TP
\fBflameshot gui\fR \-p /path/to/captures
Capture with GUI and custom save path.
.
.TP
\fBflameshot gui\fR \-d 2000
Open GUI with a delay of 2 seconds.
.
.TP
.B flameshot full \-\-help
Shows help for \fBflameshot full\fR subcommand.
.
.TP
\fB flameshot full\fR -p /path/to/captures -d 5000
Fullscreen capture with custom save path (no GUI) and time delay.
.
.TP
\fB flameshot full\fR -c -p /path/to/captures
Fullscreen capture with custom savepath copying to clipboard.
.
.TP
\fB flameshot screen\fR \-\-number <screen number>
Define the screen to capture. Will capture the screen containing the
cursor by default.
.
.TP
\fB flameshot screen\fR \-\-help
Shows help for \fBflameshot screen\fR subcommand.
.SH CLI CONFIGURATION
.PP
You may use the graphical menu to configure flameshot.
Alternatively, you can also use terminal or scripts to do so.
.
.TP
.B flameshot config
Open the configuration menu (GUI).
.
.TP
\fBflameshot config\fR \-h
Use the help flag to show more information about the available options.
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
The program is further documented in the
.IR README.md
as typically provided under
.IR /usr/share/doc/flameshot/
directory.
.
.PP
Upstream project homepage:
<\fBhttps://github.com/lupoDharkael/flameshot\fR>.
.
.SH AUTHOR
.PP
.B flameshot
is mainly written by
.MT izhe@\:hotmail.es
lupoDharkael
.ME .
.
.PP
This manual page is written by
.MT byang@\:debian.org
Boyuan Yang
.ME
for the Debian Project (but may be used by others).
